AdaptTo() 2020 - Data Science Workshop
======

There are two way to run this workshop:
1. Run the docker image (Recomended): If you have docker running on your computer, then you can run the preconfigured image. This will give you the possiblity ro quickly run the workshop without issue.
2. Install from scratch: If you are familiar with Python and Jupyter, and if you have an AEM running instance on your localhost.





1.) Data Science in AEM using Python with AEMpy
------

**Description**: The objective is to install a python environment to get familiar with the AEM python library: AEMpy

This procedure has been successfully tested on Linux, Mac, and Windows.

### 1.1 Installation using Docker




### 1.2 Installation from Scracth

#### 1.2.1 Python
##### Checking Python installation

To check Python installation and version, type in your terminal:

 `python --version`

If the output is: ```Python 3.7.6```
then Python is installed on your system.

If the output is `command not found` (or any similar message), you need to install Python.

If the Python version is inferior to **3.5**, then you need to upgrade your Python version.

##### Install Python on Mac OS
To install Python on Mac OS, we use `brew`. If you don't have *brew* installed, please refer to the [official documentation](https://brew.sh) for the installation.

Install Python:

`brew install python`

Check python installation:

`python --version`

##### Install Python on Linux

#### 1.2.2 Package manager: Miniconda

Miniconda is a package manager for Python. It helps create a virtual environment to isolate package installation.

Miniconda installers documentation for Mac/Linux/Windows: https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html

Restart your terminal after the installation.

2.) Building Data Science Reports using AEM data and Jupyter Notebook
------

### 2.1 Installation
In the terminal, make sure you are in the right environment (e.g., conda environment)
```
conda install -c conda-forge notebook
```
Or
```
pip install notebook
```
